My name is Takeo Goda.
I'm in the tenth grade
This is Makoto Sunakawa,
my friend.
And this is my girlfriend...
Uh!
Ms. Rinko Yamato.
Hey, Takeo!
How are ya doin'?
(Both laughing)
HM!
UH!
(Both grunt)
So, I take it you must be
Takeo Goda, then.
(Affirmative grunt)
We'd like to have
a word with you.
Huh?
Fear not, Ms. Yamato.
I will protect you!
I will be an
unbreakable shield!
♪Opening song♪
Hm...
(Both grunt)
(Intense grunt)
(Grunt)
AH!
Please, Goda!
We need your help!
Okay! I'll do it!
Huh? For real?
(Affirmative grunt)
[SUNA]
You haven't even heard what
they want you to do yet.
These guys are bowing down to
me. How could I possibly refuse?
And besides, both of 'em
are older than me anyway...
Oh, Takeo.
You're the coolest!
So, what can I do
for you fellas?
We need you on
the judo club.
Yeah, well, at least
for one month.
[BOTH]
We're begging you!
[ALL] Huh?
[ITO] Here's the deal...
At the end of the month,
our judo team
will be competing in
our final Shu-Bi Match.
[TAKEO]
Huh?
It's against our
long-time rivals
at Bianka High School.
We do it every year and the club
takes it very seriously.
And so far this year, we've won
all nine of our tournaments.
And it's up to us to make
it ten in a row for the
glory of the team!
We cannot lose!
[ITO]
On top of that,
it seems that each year,
the loser of the rivalry
never makes it all the way
to the national finals.
[VICE-CAPTAIN]
It's the biggest
tournament of the year!
We need to win 3 out
of the five matches.
And I'm sure you can see
that our best fighter
is injured and we have no
one to take his place.
Please, Goda!
Please fight for me!
[SUNA]
I think he may
have zoned out.
Did you actually get any
of what they just said?
(Affirmative grunt)
You want me to join
the judo team!
And win a match
in one month!
[JUDO GUYS]
Exactly!
(TOOT)
[SUNA]
Okay. I guess he
got the gist of it.
[VICE-CAPTAIN]
Thank you so much, Goda!
Sure thing. No problem.
[ITO]
We'll start tomorrow. We
have practice in the morning.
Sounds good!
[BOTH]
Thank you!
[RINKO]
That's really cool that
they asked for your help.
Um, so... Have you ever
done judo before?
I did until
middle school.
He was in the national
championships.
Really?! Oh my gosh!
That's awesome!
(Embarrassed grunt)
So, why aren't you on
the team in high school?
Hm... I forgot
to sign up...
What's the point?
You're already as strong
as you can possibly be.
(Twinkle)
No! There still are
many people out there
who are much stronger
than I am!
[SUNA]
If you made a list of all
humanity, and a few animals,
I have no doubt you'd be
pretty high up there.
I think you'd be
the top spot.
I don't really
think so.
I still have a
long way to go.
(Chuckle)
All this is fine
and good, but...
Huh?
...if you're going to be
training for this thing,
you are aware that you
won't be able to see much
of each other for a while.
(Both gasp)
For like a month right?
Hm?
I hadn't
thought of that.
I'm sorry
about this.
It's okay, Takeo.
I'll be fine!
Just do your best to help out
the guys on the judo squad!
It's an honor
that they need you!
Oh my God...
And well, besides...
I'm looking forward to seeing
you kick some serious booty.
I LOVE HER!
Well, if you can't resist and
need to see me, gimme a call.
I'll come right over!
(Giggle)
'Course, I know you will...
Mm-hmm! I'm going to be
cheering you on all the way.
Do your best, Takeo!
(Affirmative grunt)
I have the support
of Ms. Yamato!
And she'll be cheering me on.
(Strong grunt)
(Loud slam)
(Grunting)
And, begin!
(Yelling)
Ah!
(Takeo yells)
[ALL]
WHOA!
Right! I'm up next!
Bring it on!
[TAKEO]
I'm going... to do
this... for her!
(Screaming)
You're the
best, Goda...
(All sobbing)
He's totally saving the team!
[ALL]
OSU!
Thank you, Goda!
(Dog barking)
(Stretching grunts)
Oh?
Ms. Yamato!
Ah. Hey, Takeo.
It's good to see you.
I'm sorry I came
without telling you.
Oh... Hang on you've
got something on you.
Oh?
Earlier...
I was thinking about
keeping it a secret,
but I was totally peeking
into your practice.
(Amazed gasp)
(Numerous grunts)
You were looking so cool!
Ooh...
Oh, here.
These are for you.
I made you some rice balls...!
Betcha didn't know I can make
something other than dessert!
Aaaah...!
(Dog howls)
Ah! Huh?!
(Howling)
[RINKO]
I sorta got on a
roll this morning
and might've made
a few too many.
Maybe quite a lot
too many.
(Giggling)
I couldn't
help myself!
(Intense growl)
Huh? Is there
something wrong?
Thank you so much.
But, you probably shouldn't
come around here anymore.
Huh?
Let's go. I'll
walk you home.
Oh, sure...
It's dark and
it's dangerous.
If something were
to happen to her...
I would never be able
to forgive myself.
(Clap)
Thank you for the food!
OH! Salmon! And this
one's salted plum!
Cod roe, salmon roe, Korean
barbecue, and tuna with mayo!
She made so many
different kinds...
with her tiny little hands...
And I'm sure the rice
was hot on her fingers.
(Choking up)
They're good.
They're all so good!
MS. YAMATO!
I love her!
[TAKEO]
Those were the best
rice balls ever!
Thank you! They were amazing!
[RINKO]
I'm glad you liked them!
You must get
very hungry.
So, eat a lot,
and do your best!
I will do this
with all I have!
[RINKO]
Takeo, I'm sure you're
doing your best.
At school today, flowers were
blooming all over the place,
but I really only
recognize the tulips.
The two of us should
go to like a botanical
garden sometime.
[TAKEO]
Yes! We should!
You know, I think I like this
better than the ironing board!
[RINKO]
There aren't any
stars out tonight.
Maybe there's some
rain coming...
Takeo, you might want to
take an umbrella with you!
Do you have an
umbrella? I don't
want you to get wet.
[TAKEO]
I do. It's huge!
[SUNA]
Dude, I'm pretty sure
that's a beach umbrella.
It's kinda
perfect for you.
Hm?
[RINKO]
Takeo, please
don't get hurt.
I'm gonna send you some
good juju right now!
You won't get hurt!
[TAKEO]
Got it! Thanks for
the good vibes!
Go for it,
go for it, Takeo!
I'm cheering for
you 24 hours a day!
You can do it!
YEAH!
(Doorbell)
Hm?
[SUUNA]
What's all that?
Whatcha got there?
(Fidgeting)
I made some scones...
When I think about Takeo,
I start baking.
And well, I think
about him a lot.
So have some scones, Sunakawa.
Have a bunch!
(Gasp)
I'm sorry if it seems like I'm
dumping my leftovers on you...
but well... I am.
So, how come you didn't
just give them to Takeo ?
I'm sure he wouldn't have a
problem scarfing them down.
(Whimper)
Uh, I... I don't...
I don't know if he
still likes me anymore!
Don't be ridiculous.
When I went to see
him the other day...
I thought that I'd surprise
him with some food,
but he told me
not to come by anymore!
I think I must've crossed
a line somewhere!
Uh, no. I'm pretty sure
it's just a misunderstanding
or that you're
overreacting.
But I know for a fact he
wouldn't be upset with you
bringing him food.
Huh?
Okay...
You're totally right.
That's just not
who Takeo is.
Now that I've calmed
down, I think I can
see more clearly now.
Thank you, Sunakawa!
You know, you really
don't have to worry
about things like that.
(Sigh)
Suna...
This is the first time
I've ever been in love.
It wasn't until I met Takeo...
that I've had such strong
feelings just well up
and wash all
over me like this.
No one can tell you
what love is like.
You just have to
experience it.
Every day, my heart has been
beating out of control.
And when I see him,
my body starts to tingle
and I can't stop smiling.
You know, just so happens
Takeo was my very first friend.
Ah!
It's pretty funny that he's
the first guy for both of us.
Oh, God! I love
Takeo so much
that sometimes it really
starts to freak me out!
But it scares me to think
of it ever fading away.
Well, I've been with him
for over 10 years now...
and I still haven't
gotten bored yet.
Oh! Good grief!
What do I do? I can't be such
a mess the rest of my life!
I'm pretty sure that
he'll be freaking out
right alongside you.
I really want
to see him.
Why don't you
wait here?
Uh-uh... If I see him once,
I'll want to see him again...
I must be strong!
I don't want to distract him!
[SUNA]
I don't think he'd think
of you as a distraction.
I saw him training...
and he was really dreamy.
Just wait 'til you seem him
in the actual competition.
What?! He gets
even dreamier?!
He's like a fireball
of pure concentration.
(Squeal)
What am I going to do?
I don't know if I'll be
able to control myself!
Ah! Those stars
totally look like Takeo!
Huh?
See? Look.
If I connect that
star and that one,
it looks just like Takeo
after he's eaten some cake!
Ah. So, the
constellation Goda.
Yeah, I like it!
[RINKO]
Oh, those stars there
look like Takeo
is body slamming
somebody to the floor!
Huh. That's
constellation Goda 2.
Over there is when he saved
me from the guy on the train.
Constellation Goda 3.
I guess constellations show
you whatever you want to see.
Yes, they do.
[RINKO]
Oh! And look at that!
I can see when he escaped
from that burning building!
[SUNA]
You know, I think I'm starting
to see him up there too.
(SLAM)
[ITO]
Next!
(SLAM)
[JUDOKA]
AH!
[ITO]
Next!
Goda, sir!
Will you please spar
with me next?!
And me after him, please!
And I'm after that!
Oh, Goda... thanks so
much for doing this...
We must all work
as hard as Goda!
[ALL]
Yes, sir!
(Birds cawing)
(Exhausted sighs and groans)
Men have bowed before me...
and asked me for help.
I will do so with
honor and effort.
But it is because
of her...
that I will do this
to my fullest abilities.
Oh, Ms. Yamato...
I haven't heard your
voice in a long time.
Since we met, this is
the longest I've spent
without hearing you.
(Beeping)
(Phone rings)
AH!
[RINKO]
Takeo? You there?
It's me.
Yeah.
Is something wrong?
Not at all. I just wanted
to hear your voice.
What? My voice?
Uh... okay...
Then, I guess I should
say something, huh?
Hi, uh, it's me,
Rinko Yamato..
Mmm...
How are you doing, Takeo?
I'm doing fine!
[TAKEO]
Ah... I love it...
[RINKO]
And, well... uh...
I... uh...
(Giggle)
I'm sorry. I don't
know what to say!
I'm not very good
at making stuff up.
[TAKEO]
She's so great...
[RINKO]
Oh! The tournament
is tomorrow, right?
[TAKEO]
Bring Suna with you.
You got it! Good
luck tomorrow, okay?
Yeah. Thanks.
(Footsteps)
[SUNA]
Guess you're done
with practice?
Huh? Yeah. Oh, the tournament
is tomorrow at six o'clock
in the training building.
Okay. This is for you.
Hm?
Ms. Yamato made these,
didn't she?!
You're very perceptive.
She said she was thinking
about you and accidentally
made too many.
Well, why didn't she just bring
them over to my place herself?
She said she didn't
wanna bother you.
SHE COULD NEVER BOTHER ME!
Yes, I know.
She's been getting so
exited about your match
that she looked like
she was about to die.
Huh.
(Door opens)
You better show
her a good fight.
[SUNA]
Well, good night!
(Door closes)
But... She didn't
tell me any of that...
She just wished
me good luck.
(Giggle)
[TAKEO]
She's so wonderful...
(Chatter)
(Grunting)
Hm?
(Gasp)
(Giggle)
Oh?
Huh?
Alright.
Come with me.
Oh!
[TAKEO]
I want you to have the
best seat in the house.
Takeo, I...
[TSUYOSHI]
Hey, Goda! Long time no see!
[TAKEO]
Oh, hey, Tsuyoshi!
Good to see you!
Good luck out
there today.
This is Tsuyoshi,
an old friend of mine.
Huh?
We went to the same dojo
back in elementary school.
I'm Rinko Yamato.
His girlfriend.
(Stunned gasp)
HIS GIRLFRIEND?!
(Choking)
Brbrbrbr...
(Evil laugh)
This match is mine, Goda!
(Laughs)
You were stronger than me
back in the day,
but ever since high school, I've
gone to nationals every year!
I'm not gonna lose to some
dude with a girly "girlfriend"
Huh?
making him soft and weak!
(Nervous exhale)
Um, yeah, okay.
I think I'm gonna go watch
from over there in the corner.
Actually, maybe I can see
from the window outside.
Tsuyoshi...
Huh?
My girlfriend...
makes me strong.
(Angry grunt)
(Groaning)
You can watch from
right here, okay?
(Relieved sigh)
'Kay!
[RINKO]
Do your best, Takeo!
[TSUYOSHI]
The path of the Yawara is paved
with focus and determination.
Romance and frivolous
behavior has left Goda
without any chance of winning.
(Maniacal laugh)
My victory is as
good as decided!
[REF]
Bow!
[TAKEO]
What does it mean...
...to be strong?
First competitors,
step forward!
Come on, you can do it.
Take him, man!
This is it!
(Cheering continues)
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato...
Everything you make,
you make from the heart.
Fourth group,
to the front!
This is yours, Cap!
You got this!
Don't worry. I will give this
challenge everything I got.
One more win!
You can do it!
Begin!
Come on!
Fight!
(SLAM)
Yuko!
(Gasps)
(Cheering)
(BUZZER)
Decision.
(Cheering)
That's right! Yeah!
[SUNA]
Two wins, two losses...
This upcoming match will
decide the winner.
(Nervous sigh)
[REF]
From Shuei High School,
Takeo Goda!
Step forward!
Sorry, Goda,
it's up to you now.
[TAKEO]
I got this.
Ah? Huh...
And from Bianka High School...
...Tsuyoshi Iwayama!
RAAGH!
I know you want to show
off for your girlfriend,
but she's gonna leave
here disappointed.
(All cheering for Tsuyoshi)
[REF]
Bow... Begin!
Now let's go. Come on!
(Crowd gasps)
Let's see what you got!
Huh?
(Taiko drums)
What does it mean...
...to be strong?
U-uh...
Grr...
Raagh!
(Grunting)
[TSUYOSHI]
I have done nothing
but judo! It's my life.
I will not lose to this
sissy Goda has become!
You seein' this? Look at 'em go!
These guys are intense!
Urgh!
I will NOT lose!
This is it!
I don't think so!
I must defeat him !
[ALL]
Watch your feet!
Take him down!
Losing is NOT
an option!
(Gasps and screams)
(Grunting)
(Sighs)
Good job, Takeo...
This is my fight...
(Intense growl)
Uh! Agh!
[REF]
Hold!
Huh?
Warning!
Come on!
(Grunting)
My heart...
...it's burning.
(Both straining)
(Chuckle)
Raaahhh!
(Takeo yells)
(Screams)
But you're... so strong...
(SLAM)
IPPON! That is all!
(Cheering)
(Heavy breathing)
(Clapping)
(Sniffling and snorting)
[ALL]
Thank you for the match.
(Laughs and praise)
Well, that was
really something.
In face I might even go
so far as to call it dreamy.
(Flustered)
Ooohh...!
[TAKEO]
I... I love you.
Takeo! You were
great today!
That was just amazing!
And you were so cool!
[TAKEO]
It was for you!
Oh!
There's no way I could've done
it without you cheering me on.
(Gasp)
Mm-mm... mmm...
[SUNA]
Takeo, I'm pretty sure
she's about to pass out.
[TAKEO]
What does it mean to be strong?
I'm not sure.
But, for her...
I'm compelled to be the best
man I can possibly be.
[TAKEO]
The stars are
out tonight.
[RINKO]
Yeah.
Oh, that reminds me!
I discovered your
very own constellation!
Hm?
When you take that one
and link it to that one,
it's you smiling
after a cupcake!
And those over there
look like you doing
one of your judo moves.
Can't believe
you found it again.
All I can see
is you up there.
Huh?
Like when you connect
that one and that one...
You see it?
You've got a big
smile on your face.
It's right next to
you constellation, too!
Wait... Where?
(Giggle)
Aw! Perfect!
Mm...
[TAKEO]
There's the constellation
for the macarons you made.
And there you are
from the day we first met.
[RINKO]
It's right next to
another one of yours!
[SUNA]
Looks a little too close
to that macaroon.
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato. Tomorrow we
get start a brand new day.
And it'll be the best
day yet. Until the next.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Friend.